abyssal specter
abyssal specter
abzan advantage
abzan advantage
abzan battle priest
abzan charm
abzan runemark
abzan runemark
abzan skycaptain
abzan skycaptain
act of treason
act of treason
act of treason
act on impulse
aerie worshippers
ainok bond-kin
ainok guide
ainok guide
ainok guide
ainok tracker
ainok tracker
akroan skyguard
alesha's vanguard
alesha's vanguard
alesha's vanguard
ambush krotiq
ambush krotiq
arashin cleric
arashin cleric
arashin cleric
arbor elf
archers of qarsi
armament of nyx
arrow storm
ascendant evincar
ashcloud phoenix
atarka, world render
aven skirmisher
aven skirmisher
aven skirmisher
aven skirmisher
aven surveyor
aven surveyor
aven surveyor
aven surveyor
awaken the bear
axebane stag
axebane stag
azorius arrester
azorius keyrune
barrage of boulders
barrage of boulders
bathe in dragonfire
become immense
bellowing saddlebrute
blightcaster
bloodcrazed hoplite
bloodfell caves
bloodfell caves
bloodfire enforcers
bloodstained mire
blossoming sands
blossoming sands
bolt of keranos
borderland marauder
bountiful harvest
bountiful harvest
brawler's plate
break through the line
bring low
brushstrider
call of the conclave
call of the conclave
cancel
carrion crow
centaur courser
centaur courser
centaur courser
centaur healer
centaur's herald
centaur's herald
chief of the edge
child of night
chorus of might
chorus of might
chronostutter
citadel siege
claim of erebos
cloaked siren
collateral damage
collateral damage
consume spirit
consume spirit
coursers' accord
crippling chill
crowd of cinders
crowd's favor
crux of fate
cunning strike
cunning strike
cunning strike
cyclops of eternal fury
daggerdrome imp
dark deal
debilitating injury
defiant ogre
defiant ogre
defiant strike
deflecting palm
demolish
demon's horn
demon's horn
deviant glee
dismal backwater
dismal backwater
dismal backwater
dismiss into dream
disowned ancestor
divination
douse in gloom
dragon bell monk
dragon bell monk
dragon bell monk
dragon egg
dragonrage
dragonscale boon
drudge skeletons
drudge skeletons
drudge skeletons
druid's deliverance
dusk imp
dusk imp
efreet weaponmaster
elite scaleguard
embodiment of spring
encrust
encrust
enhanced awareness
enhanced awareness
enhanced awareness
enhanced awareness
ethereal ambush
ethereal ambush
ethereal ambush
ethereal ambush
extinguish all hope
eye gouge
eyes in the skies
eyes in the skies
fearsome awakening
feat of resistance
feat of resistance
feral krushok
fierce invocation
firehoof cavalry
firehoof cavalry
flamerush rider
font of ire
force away
formless nurturing
formless nurturing
friendly fire
friendly fire
friendly fire
frontier mastodon
frost walker
frost walker
gatecreeper vine
gather courage
geist of the moors
ghostfire blade
giant growth
glacial stalker
gobbling ooze
goblin heelcutter
goblin heelcutter
goblin heelcutter
goblin heelcutter
goblin roughrider
goblin roughrider
goblin roughrider
golgari longlegs
gore swine
gore swine
gore swine
gore-house chainwalker
grave strength
great-horn krushok
griffin sentinel
grim contest
grim contest
grim contest
grove of the guardian
gurmag angler
gurmag angler
gurmag swiftwing
harsh sustenance
healer of the pride
heart-piercer bow
heat ray
heat ray
herald of anafenza
heroes' reunion
hewed stone retainers
highspire mantis
highspire mantis
honor's reward
hooded assassin
hooded assassin
hooting mandrills
horde ambusher
humbler of mortals
hunt the weak
hunt the weak
impetuous sunchaser
inferno fist
into the wilds
invasive species
isperia's skywatch
izzet guildgate
jeskai runemark
jeskai runemark
jeskai runemark
jeskai sage
jeskai sage
jeskai sage
jeskai sage
jeskai windscout
jungle hollow
jungle hollow
kederekt parasite
kheru dreadmaw
kheru dreadmaw
kheru lich lord
kill shot
kin-tree invocation
kin-tree invocation
kird chieftain
kolaghan, the storm's fury
korozda guildmage
krumar bond-kin
krumar bond-kin
lay of the land
leaping master
leaping master
leeching sliver
lightform
lightform
lightning shrieker
lightning shrieker
lightning shrieker
longshot squad
longshot squad
lotus path djinn
lotus path djinn
lotus path djinn
lotus-eye mystics
lotus-eye mystics
map the wastes
map the wastes
map the wastes
map the wastes
map the wastes
mardu hordechief
mardu hordechief
mardu runemark
mardu shadowspear
mardu shadowspear
mardu shadowspear
mardu strike leader
mastery of the unseen
megrim
megrim
merciless executioner
merciless executioner
mercurial pretender
mind rot
mind rot
mind rot
mind rot
mind rot
mind shatter
mindscour dragon
mindscour dragon
mistfire weaver
mob rule
mob rule
molting snakeskin
molting snakeskin
molting snakeskin
mortal's ardor
mortal's resolve
mortivore
mystic monastery
naturalize
necromancer's stockpile
necropolis fiend
negate
nessian demolok
nessian game warden
nyx infusion
nyxborn eidolon
nyxborn triton
oppressive rays
oppressive rays
orc sureshot
oreskos swiftclaw
oreskos swiftclaw
overgrown tomb
overwhelm
peel from reality
phantom general
pilgrim of the fires
pilgrim of the fires
pilgrim of the fires
polluted delta
ponyback brigade
pressure point
pressure point
pressure point
psychosis crawler
pyrotechnics
pyrotechnics
pyrotechnics
qarsi high priest
radiant fountain
rageform
rakshasa's disdain
rakshasa's disdain
rakshasa's disdain
rally the ancestors
ranger's guile
ranger's guile
ravenous rats
ravenous rats
ravenous rats
razorfoot griffin
reach of shadows
refocus
refocus
renowned weaponsmith
renowned weaponsmith
return to the earth
return to the earth
return to the ranks
ride down
risen sanctuary
rite of the serpent
rite of undoing
rootborn defenses
rotfeaster maggot
rouse the mob
sage-eye harrier
sagu archer
sagu archer
salt road patrol
sandblast
sandblast
sandblast
sandsteppe outcast
sandsteppe outcast
sandsteppe outcast
sandsteppe outcast
sandsteppe outcast
savage knuckleblade
savage surge
savage surge
scaldkin
scoured barrens
scoured barrens
scoured barrens
scoured barrens
scout the borders
scrapyard mongrel
scroll of the masters
scroll of the masters
search warrant
secret plans
seizan, perverter of truth
selesnya guildgate
selesnya keyrune
selesnya keyrune
selfless cathar
seller of songbirds
seller of songbirds
seller of songbirds
sengir vampire
sensory deprivation
setessan tactics
severed legion
severed legion
shadowcloak vampire
shamanic revelation
shatter
shatter
shatter
shifting loyalties
shockmaw dragon
show of valor
shu yun, the silent tempest
sibsig host
sibsig host
siegecraft
smelt
smite the monstrous
smoldering efreet
smoldering efreet
smoldering efreet
smoldering efreet
snowhorn rider
snowhorn rider
soul summons
spite of mogis
springleaf drum
staff of the flame magus
staff of the sun magus
stubborn denial
sudden reclamation
sudden reclamation
sultai banner
sultai banner
sultai charm
sultai charm
sultai emissary
sultai emissary
sultai runemark
sultai runemark
sultai runemark
swarm of bloodflies
swiftwater cliffs
swiftwater cliffs
taigam's scheming
tasigur's cruelty
tasigur's cruelty
temple of enlightenment
temur battle rage
temur runemark
temur runemark
temur sabertooth
temur war shaman
terror
terror
terror
terror
the rack
thornwood falls
thundering giant
tireless missionaries
torch fiend
tormod's crypt
tranquil cove
trostani's judgment
trostani's judgment
tuskguard captain
typhoid rats
typhoid rats
typhoid rats
typhoid rats
typhoid rats
ulcerate
underworld dreams
unholy strength
unholy strength
unyielding krumar
valley dasher
valley dasher
valley dasher
vaultbreaker
vaultbreaker
vitu-ghazi guildmage
wall of fire
wall of fire
wandering champion
wandering champion
war flare
war flare
war-wing siren
wardscale dragon
watcher of the roost
waterwhirl
waterwhirl
wayfaring temple
welkin tern
welkin tern
wetland sambar
whirlwind adept
whirlwind adept
whisperer of the wilds
whisperer of the wilds
whisperer of the wilds
wildcall
will of the naga
will-forged golem
wind-scarred crag
wind-scarred crag
wind-scarred crag
wind-scarred crag
wind-scarred crag
wind-scarred crag
wind-scarred crag
winds of qal sisma
woolly loxodon
woolly loxodon
woolly loxodon
write into being
write into being
write into being
write into being
zof shade
